# Unsupervised NLP Project Proposal
### Question/need:
- What is the framing question of your analysis, or the purpose of the model/system you plan to build?
The purpose of this project will be to do a network analysis of recent tweets pertaining to Cuba, and determine how those tweets separate into topics and how those twitter users separate into communities.
If possible, I'd like to be able to idenity bots through topic modeling.
- Who benefits from exploring this question or building this model/system?
World leaders or journalists etc. who want to understand who has what kind of opinions about the current situation in Cuba.
### Data Description:
- What dataset(s) do you plan to use, and how will you obtain the data?
I plan to scrape tweets from twitter that contain the word 'Cuba' from the past seven days (or less, depending on # of tweets) using the REST api and Tweepy.
- What is an individual sample/unit of analysis in this project? What characteristics/features do you expect to work with?
An individual unit of analysis would be a single tweet. I expect to work with the text data of each tweet and the user who tweeted it.
- If modeling, what will you predict as your target?
How the tweet feels about Cuba's current protests, if they agree or disagree.
### Tools:
- How do you intend to meet the tools requirement of the project?
I will use NLTK and scikit-learn to process the data and create a model.
- Are you planning in advance to need or use additional tools beyond those required?
I will use an API to scrape data from twitter.
### MVP Goal:
- What would a minimum viable product (MVP) look like for this project?
A MVP for this project would be a dataframe showing which words are most/least predictive of agreeing or disagreeing with Cuban protests.